Convert json to table type (#59)
cybertec-postgresql/today-i-learned-content: posts/TEMPLATE/index.md

---
date: 2030-12-31 # Auto updates on publish.

> title: "Convert json to table type"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Convert JSON to table type"
```

author: lorenz.henk@cybertec.at
tags: ["postgres", "json", "table", "type"] # max. 10 tags; lowercase; dash-separated

> description: "The PostgreSQL function json_populate_record helps you casting a json object to a record with a table type" # max. 300 chars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "The PostgreSQL function json_populate_record can be used to cast a JSON object to a table type" # max. 300 chars.
```

---

> The function [`json_populate_record`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/10/functions-json.html) can be used to cast a json object to a table type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function [`json_populate_record`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/10/functions-json.html) can be used to cast a JSON object to a table type:
```
